you stop cold turkey in the summer after
talking with a psychiatrist
an experienced horrific physical
withdrawal and anxiety
turns out this is more than common with
clonazepam
did you know they put suicide warnings
on the bottle in the States would have
been nice to know prior to the
prescription you keep telling us that
your diet solve all your problems you
keep telling us that you're 100% meat
diet cures depression cures what ails
you physically psychologically mentally
makes you look great and feel great and
then you turn around and tell us cancer
drug addiction and why why why because
of grown man with a PhD in clinical
psychology didn't know that
benzodiazepines are addictive mom was
diagnosed with terminal cancer
collecting duct at the end of April it
was unbearable
I didn't sleep for two days when we
found out mom and dad walked around in a
stupor I've never experienced anything
like that amount of stress before I
didn't get my period this summer until
we found out mom's going to be okay
after that terminal diagnosis she had a
total kidney removal and then there was
a surgical complication these people
attribute so many miraculous health
benefits to their diet miraculous
changes in mood they cure depression why
is it that they don't attribute any of
these problems to their 100% meat diet
you eat nothing but meat and your period
stuff so you get MN aria
oh no no you attribute that to stress
related to your mother having cancer
your mother has kidney cancer which is
very clearly causally related to the
meat in the human diet we've covered
this before in other videos google it if
you want to oh no no none of that can be
attributed to one person to it only the
miraculous positive benefits are never
any other problems and then this
downward spiral into the press
and for Jordan Peterson downward spiral
into drug addiction would you attribute
that to the 100 percent we died no no no
no no does anyone else think this is
just slightly unscientific reasoning
that's going on here I'm pretty antsy
for our circle and you guys know why
considering my background but I did try
clonazepam a couple of times this summer
to try to stop panicking it was not good
and when dad got back he tried to get
off the medications he was prescribed
turns out clonazepam is hell to get off
of i had taken lorazepam's for about one
and a half years when I was 20 to help
with sleeping and hadn't had an issue
getting off of it
I didn't realize clonazepam is an
entirely different monster so he stopped
cold turkey in the summer after talking
with a psychiatrist an experienced
horrific physical withdrawal and anxiety
turns out this is more than common with
clonazepam
did you know they put suicide warnings
on the bottle in the States would have
been nice to know prior to the
prescription you have a PhD in clinical
psychology and people the audience you
may not know this the research on benzos
the research on Bennie's the research on
benzodiazepines was already an
open-and-shut case in the 1960s this is
if anything as somewhat antiquated drug
to get hooked on this is not
leading-edge science people did not just
figure out yesterday that
benzodiazepines are addictive and jordan
peterson could have simply looked up the
name klonopin as a trade name klonopin
is listed in wikipedia right there
addictive he could have read the label
properly to the complaints here is the
label didn't adequately warn him you
have a PhD
in clinical psychology and you claimed
you came out and told the public that
you're 100% me diet cured your
depression that it solved all your
problems and then we found out that you
became an addict you became addicted to
klonopin you became addicted to a form
of benzodiazepine and why because you
were depressed because you were anxious
because you were miserable because
you're 100 meat diet did not cure you
this is yet another lie revealed dad's
in rehab using other medications to try
and get off of this clonazepam they use
shorter acting benzodiazepines to help
wean off the clonazepam which is a very
long acting benzodiazepine so let this
be a warning to people be very wary of
clonazepam it's not just an anti-anxiety
medication it's very very difficult to
get off of without experiencing physical
withdrawal if you take it for more than
six weeks say it doesn't take genius to
look at this label and figure out that
this is a dangerous drug with serious
side effects it takes honesty it takes
personal integrity
it takes a measure of self-doubt it
requires a set of characteristics that
Jordan Peterson in his mind set as a
crazed religious leader is utterly
lacking it doesn't take a genius to
figure out that eating 100% meat diet he
is unhealthy it just takes the humility
to Google around compare and contrast a
variety of scientific sources
analytically you know what she's right
this made in Canada label from klonopin
it doesn't tell you what to think it
doesn't tell you good or evil that's up
to you
you have to do your own research and
draw your own conclusions and the same
self-righteous more
who has been preaching that there's
nothing wrong with SSRI drugs there's
nothing wrong with antidepressants for
all these years and he's been
prescribing them to his patients and
giving sanctimonious lectures in his
shitty university classes that same Mon
got addicted to Benny's because he
couldn't put aside his ego and google it
and figure out the side effects of
klonopin the same way he never could set
aside his personal biases his personal
sense of religious mission and purpose
to question his idiotic self-destructive
carcinogenic 100% meat diet a diet that
is putting him his wife his daughter all
into an early grave I've never seen my
dad like this he's having a miserable
time of it it breaks my heart he decided
to check himself into a place because he
didn't want to stress mom out and wanted
to get off of this as quickly as
possible
and honestly needs the medical help we
figured we should let people know before
some tabloid finds out and publishes
Jordan Peterson self-help guru is on
meth or something so yeah The
Situation's really sad he looks like a
lost puppy but it'll only last while he
gets this horrible medication out of his
system and then we'll be good to go
again what was stopping you from going
to Google and looking at Wikipedia and
figuring that out it's not just
ignorance its pious ignorance it's an
attitude of faith from a man who was and
has been and still is deeply
passionately committed to the idea that
SSRI drugs antidepressants are a pill
that can cure human sorrow and there is
no pill for human sorrow there is no
cure for humans or if this
tuition you're in objectively is
miserable it's it's a natural response
that you're gonna feel subjectively
miserable and if you get high on
caffeine you might not notice it if you
get high on cocaine you might not notice
and if you get high on Bennie's on
benzodiazepines you might not notice and
SSRI drugs have got to be the least
effective by far as as our drugs are
less effective than alcohol at providing
you with that distraction but ultimately
the chemical pathway we're talking about
here is the same antidepressants do not
cure what's wrong with you
any more than alcohol or cocaine cure
what's wrong with you they distract you
from what's wrong with you at best they
have a long list of side effects that go
with that distraction PhD in clinical
psychology you come on the internet
claiming you're 100% meat diet cures
depression you have decades of
prescribing people antidepressants
without doing the research without
looking into the science of how these
drugs work or how they don't work and
then you yourself became an addict
became chemically dependent on
benzodiazepines because you had blind
faith in these drugs instead of even
doing the ten minutes of research the
ten minutes of skeptical thinking that
could begin and end with a Wikipedia
article as far as I'm concerned right
this stuff is not hard to know it's a
kind of passion like faith that prevents
people from knowing it they believe in
the pill because they want to believe
they believe in the Cure because they
want to believe and someone like Jordan
Pearson is in every important way not a
scientist but just a kind of eccentric
leader of a modern-day religion
then at the end
[Music]